OnZ_frontend/README.md, before:

# OnZ Mobile App

**OnZ** is a mobile application that helps you decide where to go. You will need Yarn installed as we have dependencies in our yarn.lock file.

## Prerequisites

- **Yarn**: You can install Yarn as from [yarnpkg.com](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install).

- **Expo CLI**: Install the Expo CLI globally using npm or Yarn.

```
yarn global add expo-cli
```

## Installation and Usage

**Cloning the Repository**:

```
git clone https://github.com/xingyinggg/OnZ.git
```
```
cd OnZ
```

**Install Dependencies**:
```
yarn install
```

**Start the App**:
```
yarn expo start
```

**Debugging**:

Should you face any bugs. Follow the instructions on terminal or run this command.

```
yarn expo install --fix
```

**Viewing the App on Mobile**:

Install the Expo Go app on the [App store](https://apps.apple.com/sg/app/expo-go/id982107779) or [Google Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=host.exp.exponent&pcampaignid=web_share)

Ensure that your mobile device and laptop are on the same network.

Scan the QR code generated in the terminal using your native camera app. This will open the app in Expo Go.

**Viewing the App on a Mobile Emulator**:

For Android, install Android Studio and set up an Android emulator. Then press `a` in the terminal to run the app on the emulator.

For iOS, install Xcode and set up an iOS simulator. Then press `i` in the terminal to run the app on the simulator.

Commit message:

change home, search filter, listing, kms

OnZ_frontend/README.md, after:

# OnZ Mobile App

**OnZ** is a mobile application that helps you decide where to go. You will need Yarn installed as we have dependencies in our yarn.lock file.

## Prerequisites

- **Yarn**: You can install Yarn as from [yarnpkg.com](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install).

- **Expo CLI**: Install the Expo CLI globally using npm or Yarn.

```
yarn global add expo-cli
```

## Installation and Usage

**Cloning the Repository**:

```
git clone https://github.com/xingyinggg/OnZ.git
```

```
cd OnZ
```

**Install Dependencies**:

```
yarn install
```

**Start the App**:

```
yarn expo start
```

**Deployment**:

Please type in ipconfig on your terminal to get your IPv4 and change the IP address respectively on all relevant screens.

**Debugging**:

Should you face any bugs. Follow the instructions on terminal or run this command.

```
yarn expo install --fix
```

**Viewing the App on Mobile**:

Install the Expo Go app on the [App store](https://apps.apple.com/sg/app/expo-go/id982107779) or [Google Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=host.exp.exponent&pcampaignid=web_share)

Ensure that your mobile device and laptop are on the same network.

Scan the QR code generated in the terminal using your native camera app. This will open the app in Expo Go.

**Viewing the App on a Mobile Emulator**:

For Android, install Android Studio and set up an Android emulator. Then press `a` in the terminal to run the app on the emulator.

For iOS, install Xcode and set up an iOS simulator. Then press `i` in the terminal to run the app on the simulator.
